fix: update secrets documentation and value deprecation announcement (#6670)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/reference/announcements-release-notes/880/880-announcements.md

The Camunda Helm charts have been updated to use the new Bitnami Docker repository.
See [Bitnami Docker repository migration](/self-managed/installation-methods/helm/upgrade/index.md#bitnami-docker-repository-migration) for migration details.

##### Secret management improvements and deprecations

> Camunda 8.8 introduces a new structured secret management pattern for Helm charts that provides better consistency and security. The legacy secret configuration fields are deprecated but remain functional during the transition period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Camunda 8.8 introduces a consistent secret pattern for Helm charts. The legacy secret configuration are deprecated and will be removed with 8.9, but remain functional during the transition period.
```

Reviewer: Also tried to make it shorter and just add whats important.
